== Sanitizer

Simple plugin to sanitize methods outputs. You have two types of behaviours. The first one is to create a new method wrapping your original method, the second one is to replace the original method.

Don't worry, everything changed can be reverted anytime.

Let's take a look at some example

== Example

Let say you have a class like this

  class Post
    def content
      "My content with some nasty script tag <script language="text/javascript">alert("I am nasty!");</script>"
    end
  end

Now if you want to remove the script tags you can do

  Post.sanitize :content, /<script[^>]*>|<\/script>/
  
You will now have a new public method call "sanitized_content" that will call you "content" method and clean it following your regex. In this case, you will have

  post = Post.new
  post.sanitized_content # => "My content with some nasty script tag alert("I am nasty!");"
  
Now let's talk about the other way, replacing the original method. To do so, simply add a params :override at true

  Post.sanitize :content, /<script[^>]*>|<\/script>/, :override => true
  
You won't have a method call "sanitized_content" in this case! This will replace you method "content" by a new one. But don't worry, your former is kept safe. If you wish to restore your class to its former state simple call on one of you instance

  Post.sanitize :content, /<script[^>]*>|<\/script>/, :override => true
  post = Post.new
  post.content # => "My content with some nasty script tag alert("I am nasty!");"
  post.respond_to?(:sanitized_content) # => false
  post.remove_sanitized_method
  post.content # => "My content with some nasty script tag <script language="text/javascript">alert("I am nasty!");</script>"

Yes but what if you want to substitute the matches of the regex by something else instead of removing them ? Well then you can add another attribute :substitution.

  Post.sanitize :content, /<script[^>]*>|<\/script>/, :override => true, :substitution => "[NASTY CONTENT]"
  post = Post.new
  post.content # => "My content with some nasty script tag [NASTY CONTENT]alert("I am nasty!");[NASTY CONTENT]"

== Installation

Pick the good one depending on your rails version

To install it as a plugin 
  script/plugin install git://github.com/Voxdei/sanitizer.git
or 
  rails plugin install git://github.com/Voxdei/sanitizer.git

== Tests

Yeah ! It's now fully tested ! ... at least I hope so :-D

== The end

Copyright (c) 2010 Guillaume Petit, released under the MIT license
